ATSG - Air Transport Supply Group.  An under the radar play on Amazon and likely an acquisition target. Stick with me here:

ATSG subsidiary Air Transport International will fly the six Boeing 767 converted freighters under a preexisting contract with Amazon to provide crew, maintenance and insurance. Amazon is leasing the planes for 10 years from another ATSG company, Cargo Aircraft Management (CAM), part of a deal this summer for 12 aircraft. 

The first leased freighter began operating under the Amazon banner in May, with the remainder scheduled to start work next year.

With the new flight award, ATSG projects that its airlines will operate 38 767s for Amazon Air by April 2021, 36 of which CAM leases to Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN).

In exchange for the commitment for 12 more leases, Amazon will receive 7 million warrants to purchase ATSG stock, increasing its potential ownership stake to 38%. If Amazon leases five more aircraft under the 2018 deal, its equity stake in ATSG could reach 40% — double the investment rights granted in the initial 2016 partnership. So far, Amazon has not exercised any of the warrants granted by Wilmington, Ohio-based ATSG.

I believe this is a strategic acquisition target for AMZN, as they have made a strong push into their own delivery and owning the process end to end. From delivery to the distribution centers to delivery to the customer. 

https://cheddar.com/media/amazon-replacing-usps-with-own-delivery-network

Based on their growth with ATSG and their potential 40% ownership stake - it is a logical progression and one I’m betting on.

ATSG is a leading provider of aircraft leasing and air cargo transportation and related services to domestic and foreign air carriers and other companies that outsource their air cargo lift requirements. ATSG, through its leasing and airline subsidiaries, is the world's largest owner and operator of converted Boeing 767 freighter aircraft. Through its principal subsidiaries, including three airlines with separate and distinct U.S. FAA Part 121 Air Carrier certificates, ATSG provides aircraft leasing, air cargo lift, passenger ACMI and charter services, aircraft maintenance services and airport ground services. ATSG's subsidiaries include ABX Air, Inc.; Airborne Global Solutions, Inc.; Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services, Inc., including its subsidiary, Pemco World Air Services, Inc.; Air Transport International, Inc.; Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc.; and Omni Air International, LLC. For more information, please see www.atsginc.com.