We have all read that "it is not COVID's effect on people", it is "how businesses and governments react with restrictions" .. that effects stocks.  Bored of this, heard it too many times?  Not scared any more?

Well the virus and variants didn't get bored.

Reviewing the top five economies and their case trends -------------------------

Source : Worldometers.info

USA:  new cases curving upward, especially in FL

China:  they lie about their numbers

Japan:  new cases increasing at a roughly linear rate

Germany: new cases growing again, though off of a low base

France:  new cases surging and strong in the numbers, curving up

UK:  new cases surged though showing signs of starting to drop

Keeping your elder family members safe from your infecting them is still a cultural truth.

One political party in a given country wants to make another fail.  One party will weaponize the virus and threaten the other to take action.  This is what leads to restrictions.  Before it was the Democrats shutting down businesses to make the economy worse for Republicans.  Now it is the same, but Repub states will shut down and Dem states will want to keep businesses open.  In another country similar games will play out.

So all the potential economic shut downs are still there.

What is different is that all the technology that was bought to have the kids educate from home, such as tablets and web cams and online meeting subscriptions don't need to be bought a second time so soon.  So the 2nd set of restrictions on the population comes without a sector that gets an economic boost.  The exception is grocery stores and online shopping.

The extra unemployment benefits end on Sept 6th in numerous states, but investors know that and would sell effected stocks sooner.  The moratorium on evictions ends this fall, and so tenants will stop the games and scramble to pay their landlords, taking away their spending money.  If they don't they will get an eviction on their credit record.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------

Now to valuations

[https://www.multpl.com/shiller-pe](https://www.multpl.com/shiller-pe)

shows that the Schiller PE ratio of stocks is 38.3.  The .com bubble was the highest it ever got, higher than this level for 2.5 years, and getting to the mid 40's.  Other then that, at no time in history was this valuation ratio this high.

Note also that in 1982 at the peak of interest rates 13 to 14%, the average stock had a PE of 7 to 9.

A book by O'Shoughnessy "What Works on Wall Street" studied 40 years of stock market data.  Its results shows that a price to sales ratio is 'the king of value factors', since sales can't be manipulated like earnings can.

[https://www.multpl.com/s-p-500-price-to-sales](https://www.multpl.com/s-p-500-price-to-sales)

shows that this valuation is higher now than at any time charted.  The book suggests that a price to sales of 1.5 is considered a good deal.  We are over twice that level on average.

The market breadth has eroded under the mega techs.  Not the Russel 2000 declined recently.

Here are the price to sales of the mega techs, using data at Reuters.  This can be hard to find in navigation, but a direct link will help, for example

[https://www.reuters.com/companies/MSFT.N](https://www.reuters.com/companies/MSFT.N)

use .N and .O at the end of the symbol for NYSE and NASDAQ.

price to sales:

MSFT = 13.3 ; FB = 10.4 ; AAPL = 7.5 ; AMZN = 4.3 ; GOOG = 8.76 ; NVDA = 25.2 ; AMD = 9.5

These clearly can fall and still be overvalued.

Some have sighted the growth in the money supply, such as M2, as part of what has pushed the market higher.  However, it is important to note that M2 was recategorized in 2020.  So even though you can go to the Mises Institute's site and see articles of big increases in the M2 money supply, much of that is due to the recategorization and strangely the articles omit this but for a footnote.

Inflation ----------------------------------------------

A large part of what we pretend to understand about inflation is the CPI and PCE.

We think that we know that the last CPI reading was 5.4%.  That is above the target of 2% of course when action by the recipe is needed.  This coupled with Powell not wanting to raise rates and desiring to de-prioritize inflation is "bad enough" from a stock perspective.  Jim Cramer described Powell as "having a heart" in wanting to prioritize helping people back to work.  Recall that interest rates have to be jacked up in response to inflation eventually.  Acting to late makes it worse.  From business school texts, higher interest rates put downward pressure on the value of future earnings.  Thus the forward looking value of stocks drops.

  But I challenge all of you to take the CPI by its percentage components and REBUILD it yourself with online research.  I did.  While the published number was +1.6% year over year at the time, I found no component less than 2%, and most were a good deal higher.  It is easy to find information showing education expenses rising at a +5% annual rate for many years.  Medical costs I found web sites saying +4% annually consistantly over many years.  At the time, only oil was lower than 2% price growth.  Today, with oil back up above $70 a barrel, that is not to be taken lightly.

  Recently the Fed has emphasized the PCE, the Personal Consumption Expendatures index.  Do you find as I do it strange that they publish the 'this month vs last month' number, making it look like small 0.1 to 0.3% rise, and not the more useful year over year number, which would show a larger % increase?

  The National Debt takes no small part in the desire to have inflation be low and keep interest rates low.  But that combination is impossible over time.

  I have been at individual stock investing since 1996 and I have sold most of my stock holdings.  I lived through the .com crash which I took on the chin (with small dollars since I was young and I learned from it such that I was 66% in cash for the crash of 2008.  If you have not been in the habit of thinking about economic impacts, valuations, and questioning what real inflation is, it is certainly time to start.

  The great bull market of the 1980's in the USA was spurred by the acceleration of women entering the work force and the personal computer.  The great bull market of the 1990's was spurred by implementation of the internet, immigration, and foreign economies developing.

  What is the story now?  5G networking is just a faster version of the same thing, but only over shorter distances.  Artificial intelligence is intended to replace humans.  Electric vehicles only reduce pollution after 100k miles according to an article in the WSJ.  I think to move on to much higher valuations we need a big economic story that just isn't there right now.