Every other comment right now is a shill lamenting the stupidity of everyone who’s still holding or how sad it is the big guy won again or some other gloomy horseshit. 

To all of you who are out there who’ve ever thought “oh man, if I’d only bought X stock X years ago I’d be rich!” - if you aren’t holding right now, you’re wrong. 

I’m an actual investor, not a swing/day trader (I know, gay) and I went all in on TSLA back in 2019, so I had days where my account would lose 20% of its value. Weeks where it would lose half. I didn’t sell a share as it went from $960 to $330 pre-split. Nor the $460-$300 drop post-split. These are just a few examples. 

I bought GME because in a worst case scenario some crazy illegal shit happens and I now have a long term position in a solid company. I covered my cost basis in tranches on the way up and now I’m holding the remaining 300 shares with house money. If it’s too late for you to do that, take it as a lesson for next time.  What was Melvin’s mistake? No actual hedging. Don’t be a Melvin. . 

A good investment requires holding 9/10 times. The overnight million dollar plays are very rare, because they take a higher ratio of luck than confidence. This shit is a lot like dating - your confidence won’t help if you’re making shitty picks, but your good picks will never pan out without confidence. $GME has my confidence- the numbers are in our favor. And so, I hold. And I sleep like a baby at night. I have 300 shares, and I’ve lost a nauseating amount of money the past two days. 

But I don’t give a fuck. 

Hold, relax, forget about it. We own the stock, we aren’t the ones bleeding interest. As much as the hedges have their cheating, we have nuclear bombs too- one whale, one great piece of news, one exercising of stock options by a certain Ryan Cohen... I could go on. 

It’s not a sure thing, but anyone acting like we’re in dire straits probably didn’t comprehend what was going on in the first place. Just shut the fuck up and hold. Do you want to be the “Golly I could’ve had Apple 20 years ago!” guy for the rest of your life, or do you wanna be the strong motherfucker who actually took the leap?