This works for every security in existence but today I’ll talk about SPY and GOOGL. 


For those of you that don’t know, in our battle, delta and IV are our friends and theta is the murder-rapist-genocidal-racist hitler. 

Delta is easy to understand- it goes from 0-.x-1 and all it means is that every 1 dollar increase in the stock gains you delta*100 dollars. So a delta of .76 means you gain 76$ for every 1 dollar increase. 

Now IV is a bit more complicated and it has to do with how big of a movement a stock does. If A stock moves a lot, than the IV will increase and this will make your extrinsic value of the option go up. (Extrinsic basically means potential profit given time compared to intrinsic which is when your option is in the money and so every gain the the stock is intrinsic and cannot be changed with time). Everything is a bit more complicated but this is simplified.

While most times, IV is not enough to over ride delta, there are some times when the IV is more important than delta and will actually help you. For example, if GME goes from 150 to 1,000$, there is a very good chance that you will actually GAIN on some of your puts because the IV is adding more value than your delta is taking out. 

Recent example: some of you may have realized that GOOGL did 3% last week and the options were up to 1400%. But today, GOOGL did same yet the options are only up 150%. Why? It’s because of IV crush. This is a difference of 7X. IV was almost 7X stronger than the delta here. But this was earnings day so maybe it’s special? No. 

IV crush is generally for earnings but it can happen at any time. Same with SPY, you may have wondered why sometimes spy does 1% and options are like 1,000% up but other times spy does 1% and options bearly crack 200%. This is a daily IV change. Playing IV can net you massive returns or loss depending on your understanding. 

Now why do side ways trading helps you? Well because SPY has ended its day at -.04%, this is basicly 0. This means the IV is super low. This also means anyone that has bought calls or puts for Friday will see massive returns if spy goes in either direction. 

You may have also wondered why your calls or puts were down 30% or more today when spy closed at -.04%, this has to do with IV dropping causing the theta loss to be multiplied.

PS: I know half you fuckers lost money on TSLA. Why is the loss flair not booming? Stop being cowards and post them.

Just this week, there were 23 posts about TSLA yolo.  Yesterday there were 2 loss porn posts. 

Stop being a bitch and post them. There is no way the loss:gain ratio in this sub is 1:10.